there is a huge gap in between the elite
and everyone else this goes for the
amount of money they have and the
control they have over the general
population you came here for the truth
today we are going to look at not just
these factors but the food disparity as
well so let's begin
Switzerland's first insect based food
aimed at humans will go on sale next
week following a revision of the
country's food safety laws this is the
second largest supermarket chain co-op
saying that it would sell insect burger
insect bowls based on the protein-rich
meal worm I think that is totally
acceptable somebody wants to eat these
things and you'll see that around I'm
sure there are cultures that do so and I
don't judge anybody in Toronto in fact
there are restaurants that sell them and
you can even see it on the street I know
that in the downtown of Toronto
individuals were offered crickets or
cricket based cookies that were able to
basically the suggestion was that you
know if you eat these you would save the
earth and it was on Earth Day and you
know if somebody wants to do that please
by all means go ahead I just think that
there is a great disparity in between
what we eat and what the elite are
eating so let's look at this going over
to China we see a little different
scenario where you have this
high-security farm and it looks a lot
different you know it's keeping out the
ordinary people and in fact that's what
it says ordinary people can't go in
there it's for the officials only they
produce organic vegetables peppers
onions beets being called flowers but
they don't sell to the public so this
individual snuck in got some reporting
done excellent excellent work here
elsewhere in the world this might not be
something to boast about not in try
organic gardening here is a hush-hush
affair in which the cleanest safest
products are largely channeled to the
rich and the politically connected it is
sent to the Communist Party officials
sent to the people who are the elite in
China and the average individual gets
contaminated food that's making them
sick hurting them killing them in some
cases and that's what happens you don't
get that the average public doesn't get
that the elite get that and this has
become more and more of a problem
looking in the u.s. in fact and I'm sure
it's happened in other countries as well
and just remembering in the u.s. people
having a front yard garden and they were
told you're not allowed to do so and
there's all these silly bylaws that
exist
regulations and everything else trying
to keep you from being self-sufficient
no you're not allowed to grow that I
think it was actually in Vancouver where
individuals were growing cucumbers and
doors because they said look things were
working out better indoors so we just
decided to do them indoors and the
neighbors call on them or something and
they were raided and all because they
thought supposedly they thought it was a
grow up and they ruined these people's
privacy and I believe they've destroyed
the crops as well somehow but all
because they want to grow their own food
that's the way this works you don't get
a chance to do that you have to eat bugs
that's what you deserve and then this is
a little you know I was going to show
some images but I decided let's keep
that on the down-low for today this is
talking about the different things that
some people are eating and I believe
that these are considered delicacies I
would never personally consume this but
things like live animals live octopus
monkey brains still-beating snake heart
and all goes on and these are the things
that I believe that only the more
wealthy of the people would be able to
afford maybe I'm wrong but
that's just the way I've always heard
this the things that are these
delicacies which I consider to be
disgusting but you know to each their
own this here tells me that there are
some people that can afford this type of
thing I mean I wouldn't even know where
to begin to even consider this type of
thing but some individuals they pay a
lot of money to have something like this
and then they got to need elite
restaurants they have this underground
type of restaurants I'm sure and they
were able to eat this type of thing all
the while you have to eat the low
quality GMO genetically engineered
garbage you have to swallow down and
then to tie it all together look at this
a loophole for mr. Paulson you remember
this Henry Paulson he gave himself a
nice 200 million dollar tax break when
he became the Treasury secretary that
was a wonderful thing for him and you
have to realize the way that the
government works its structured to
protect the corporations and you are
simply not one of them
they eat the foods that they want to eat
whatever that is and they have their own
private greenhouses I believe the the
royal family in the UK has that and you
just saw that for the communist party
from China it exists everywhere
essentially but you and I we have to get
the most polluted the worst quality food
and that's just the way it is and it
goes for the tax system it goes for the
corporation it goes for everything that
we are involved in they get everything
we get nothing but a kick in the
you-know-what if you found this video
informative please give me a thumbs up I
need your support and more now than ever
before
so I do appreciate that every single one
of you last but not least if you found
this video informative and I know you'll
find my books the money GPS and my
newest release global economic collapse
even more informative you can actually
flip through this book if you go over to
hammers
they have a look inside feature that
will allow you to flip through the pages
of these books to see if you like them
take care